How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    much faster way and shorter time to find diffs 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    could see all changes made to the file and be able to read code more rapidly 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros : you see the changes ans who done them, the cons little too long to find what you looking for

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    i think it is to allow create more efficient programmer community

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    using the prompt bash window

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    share some projects with experienced programmers

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    seeing through different versions of the same file makes you capable of spotting diffs more rapidly

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
    pros: you control the amount of commits  cons: could save a commit without really needing to do so.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
    becaus ethey are focused on files building a project, useful to compare files together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    on bash window use git log command then git diff followed by id of the 2 files to see differences and history

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
    can revert what i just wrote ...

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
adding to stage area only the changed files.